# Release Notes for release 202.0 #

The tool menu has been moved from the Home tab to a side bar.  This side bar is collapsible (see << at top left of
menu window).

The Home tab/tool is now dedicated to documentation.  As of this release there is much documentation yet to provide but now
there is a convenient place to put it.

A lot of code cleanup that solves minor/annoying issues including ...

Three major problems when running on Windows have been fixed. First is the issue with the External Cache
path containing a whitespace character.  Second is some conformance tests that did not link properly to test logs they
are dependent on. Both of these problems have been fixed. Third is when the Tomcat directory path contains a space
character.

Major upgrade to the Simulator Manager tool.

* Simulators are now managed on a per-user basis.  The TestSession is used to select the user.  This is not tied to
authentication but allows users to organize simulators.
* Simulators now display in other tool configurations independent of whether the Simulator Manager tool is open.
* The *Test Session* selector controls which simulators are visible.
* The [reload] button is still necessary to update some tool windows when configurations change.
* You can launch the Simulator Log Viewer from the Simulator Configuration tool.  When launched this way it pre-selects
the simulator to view.  When you launch it from the tool menu (named Simulator Log Viewer) it allows selection
of the simulator of interest.

Document Registry simulator now accepts a V2 Patient Identity Feed per profile requirements. The validation is done by
default but this can be changed in the configuration. The Affinity Domain code validation is required by default but can
now be disabled in the configuration.

Document Recipient simulator has been added. It is implemented as an integrated Repository/Registry so its contents
can be viewed (which would not be possible with a strict interpretation of the specification).  By default it requires
no Patient Identity Feed (Registry part) but this can be enabled.  By default it does not validate against the coding
requirements of an Affinity Domain.  But this can be enabled.

Patient management functions have been added.

* The Document Registry simulator now accepts a V2 Patient Identity Feed transaction as required by profile. This can
be disabled in the simulator configuration.
* The range of port numbers that can be allocated for Patient Identity Feed listeners is now configured in the
Toolkit Configuration.  It is entered as lower-bound, upper-bound.  If you try to allocate too many Registry simulators
and run out of ports you will be warned.
* Patient ID Feed listeners are created when Registry simulators are created. If the toolkit is stopped (by stopping
Tomcat) and later restarted the configurations are scanned and the listeners are re-launched automatically.  The
listeners are shutdown when the simulator is deleted.
* A new tool labeled *Manage Favorite Patient IDs* has been created to allocate Patient IDs and send V2 Patient ID
Feed transactions. See its documentation for details.

Get All Stored Query tool has been added.  It includes all defined parameters.

Inspector upgrades.  The inspector is the tool that can be launched from a transaction focused tool (like a query) to allow
viewing of transaction details. The launch button is always labeled *Inspect Results*.

* Relaunching Inspector no longer fails

Document Registry testing - as a reminder - 3 Patient IDs are needed to run the Registry tests:

* One for 12346 which initializes the Registry for Stored Query testing
* One for 12374 which continues the initialization of the Registry for Stored Query testing. This adds the second
Patient ID to allow for cross-Patient ID query response errors.
* One for the rest of the tests.

New build system (maven).

New versioning system.  This release, under the maven style of versioning, is 2.202. This will be consistent for the
testing season. The initial release is 2.202.0 and the first bug fix release will be 2.202.1 etc.

New help/documentation system based on Maven Site.  The actual documentation is written in Markdown format.

Added to the documentation a development roadmap that shows the development work in progress (that isn't ready
for release yet) and planned future projects.  Some of our plans are documentented here.  This will be expanded over time
and maintained as we go.
